[documentation] Expand upon/clarify Elasticsearch heap size config (#3786)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md

[elasticsearch.v1.sys.runtime]
# max_locked_memory = "unlimited"
# es_java_opts = ""

> # NOTE: see https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/heap-sizing.html
> # for important guidance regarding the configuration of the heap size setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: [Elasticsearch Heap Sizing](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/heap-sizing.html)
# contains important guidance regarding the configuration of the heap size setting
```

wait, idk our standard for having links in the config comments 🤷

Author: I like the wording change, but yeah, is using `[]()` a thing here since it won't actually be rendered as a link?

Reviewer 2: You would need a shortcode for the note to render correctly, in which case you're right that the link wouldn't work correctly. In this case, # NOTE will probably render as a H1, which is  not what we want.

I think we're OK dropping `# NOTE:` and using the rest of the sentence. Bonus points if you can get it into the active voice.

Author: @kagarmoe My point was that this portion is all already inside `<pre><code>` in the rendered documentation, so is there a purpose to keeping `[]()` or removing `NOTE:` ? I might not understand all the places where this content ends up.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I didn't see that it was inside of a code fence. The backstory is that supplying the link was a compromise & was included here for people who would just copy-paste the example and not read the whole doc. You can keep it or remove it, I don't have a strong opinion either way. I'm happy to see us update the heapsize.

Reviewer 2: The code fences/<pre><code> mean that it renders exactly as we see it. @susanev may be trying to remove `see`? However, the idiom is accepted in major house style guides, meaning Microsoft & Google. This is an example of a case where trying to avoid it is unhelpful. From the docs perspective, you can reject this change.

Reviewer: oh no i was just trying to get link text in there but no worries if its not possible

Reviewer 2: Sadly, it won't work because of the code fences.

# heapsize = "4g"
```

#### Setting Elasticsearch Heap

The Elasticsearch heap size can, and in most cases should, be set to 50% of the available system

> memory. However, there are important caveats covered in the [Elasticsearch documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
memory. However, there are important caveats covered in the [Elasticsearch heap size documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/heap-size.html)
```

For the purposes of an example, a system with 32GB of memory can have its Elasticsearch heap
size set to `16g`; to do so, one would first create a TOML file that contains the partial

> configuration below, uncomment and change settings as neededand, then issue a `chef-automate config patch </path/to/your-file.toml>` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
configuration below, uncomment and change settings as needed and, then run `chef-automate config patch </path/to/your-file.toml>` to
```

Reviewer 2: @susanev Ended up with a merge conflict, but here's the new fix.

Author: @kgarmoe Looks like this was merged already but there are still changes to be made. It was merged without your correction to `neededand`, and also, that entire statement doesn't make sense here because of the switch to a presentation of an example as described in the paragraph (this makes more sense to users). Nothing is commented out in the configuration snippet, so `uncomment and change settings as needed and` should just be removed.

Reviewer: ill open a follow up in a few minutes
